The penguin is consist of three level:
The first level is the body, which is the base of this penguin. 
The surface of body consists of two trapezoids and four rectangles. 
The second level consists of leg, arm, and head.
The surface of head consists of two trapezoids and four rectangles. 
The surface of arm consists of two trapezoids, two rectangles and four squares. 
The surface of leg consists of six rectangles. 
The second level is the beak, knee and elbow.
The surface of knee consists of two triangles and three rectangles. 
The surface of elbow consists of four triangles and two squares.
The surface of beak consists of six rectangles

All parts of the penguin are 3D models. they have their own DoF, people can move and rotate them by change the value in the checkbox
with different render style, penguin will be displayed in different style.

The penguin has 25 DOFs
6 DOFs:The penguin can move along x,y and z axis, it also can rotate around x,y and z axis

2 DOFs: The head can turn around in [-180, 180], and the beak will move if people set value for the beak

8 DOF: The penguin has two arms with two elbows, both of the arms can rotate around pitch, yaw and roll axis, and two elbows can rotate around pitch axis

8 DOF: The penguin has two legs with two knees, both of the legs can rotate around pitch, yaw and roll axis, and two knees can rotate around pitch axis

1 DOF: The light can move in x-y plane, the domain of light will be (-PI,PI),people can set the position of the light by change the value of light

Render Style:
The penguin has 5 render styles.
If people choose the wireflame style, the penguin will be drawn by solid lines.

If people choose the solid style, the penguin will be filled by different colour.

If people choose the solid with outlines, the penguin will consist of solid and wireflame

if people choose Matte, the light will turn on, the material is white plastic, some part of the penguin will be dark ans some part of the penguin will be bright

if people choose Metallic, the light will turn on, the material is bronze, some part of the penguin will be dark ans some part of the penguin will be bright
 
keyframe update:
people can set what penguin looks like in a specific keyframe and time, by click updatekeyframe and save_to_file, the penguin will be save in the file, and it can move from original
state if people click the start/stop animation buttom
